tonight the information superhighway an
online network called Internet it spans
the globe like a superhighway everyone I
know is on a 30 Kip to be on the
internet right now explain what internet
is this is the internet a place where
you can instantly talk to someone on the
other side of the world
share your thoughts pictures videos
experiences make fake news stories go
viral and openly express your weirdest
ideas the Internet has been challenged
to do things in the past like the time a
British government agency asked the
internet to name its 287 million-dollar
polar research ship and ended up with
Bodie mcboatface or after pitbull was
sponsored by Walmart to ask his fans to
vote for which city in America with a
Walmart to go to and they ended up
choosing Kodiak Alaska the most secluded
Walmart in the country yeah the Internet
is basically like the Wild West
sometimes so in the spirit of seeking
the ultimate discomfort we decided to
challenge the internet to dare us the
plan was to spread the challenge on our
yes fam Facebook group on Instagram and
on Reddit and whichever day we find the
most insane yet possible to do within 24
hours would have no choice but to go for
it walk across California do we not
mention somewhere this has been done 24
hours cyber didn't get them to go on an
adventure
Wow good one come to Italy in Florence
and I'll take you to eat some lump for a
dodo sandwich up down is all the way to
Italy for sailors but is it comfortable
try every food at a theme park and ride
the biggest ride invest money and and
yfp New York Stock Exchange
nope convinced 100 people to subscribe
to youtube channel in the countryside of
Hungary nobody could do that it is Black
Friday Cyber Monday right now with every
purchase from discovery.com you get a
hat that says yes dear we've never put
the logo of yesteryear in anything only
with the orders over the next 72 hours
you get something from see discomfort
calm you got the Hat and it's only
exclusive for the strap it is 5 hours
since we posted the challenge and on
Instagram someone just wrote I challenge
you to go polar bear plunging in Alaska
it's when you basically go into a frozen
lake in the frozen environment and you
make it a little hole and you jump in
when the outside is is wake holders
underwater I feel like you go off your
clothes start to freeze your body just
goes into shock right like you just
freeze completely yeah it's gonna be the
coldest you've ever been in your life
we're gonna have a car with like the
heat blah I want like it should burn the
car not just like turned a dog we should
just burn the car go in it at this point
in the dare Matt and Ammar realized that
they didn't really want to do this alone
so they decided to invite our friend BC
along I like what you're wearing
yeah company is merging the game not
being paid to say that at all I really
worried
thank you kind of sad do you go to
Alaska tomorrow
really we can't tell you what is it that
we're gonna do there but there and we
were just like Oh are we gonna go do
this miserable things alone is this
serious yeah yeah so it was of you too
and then you're like let's just bring
bees yeah just bring someone to also be
miserable and tattoo there I'm miserable
wait a second
are we jumping in the water we're gonna
do a Polar Bear Plunge Alaska someone
dared you let's go to Alaska and jump oh
my god and that does it yeah so my
roommate Louie and it's like funny like
me and Matt being cold you being cold
but he's miserable he hates it he said
he literally said before he goes it's my
biggest fear yeah try and convince him
okay let's do Tom he's kind of funny but
it also like it's super me I lose the
only thing he'll never do oh yes that's
like this makes it way more fun the
other day
yeah when you told me what your biggest
water thing we're filming an episode
that they were we accepted they're from
the internet right and then there's one
that sounds pretty uncomfortable to do
which is go do a Polar Bear Plunge in
Alaska
when are you going tomorrow night we
make sure we're safe we'll make sure we
have like blankets and a car wouldn't
last a deep in it but it's not about
safety for Louie it is about him being
misery are we going through Alaska yeah
[Music]
hey hey deep deep famine you like I just
need to be hot Lamar has connected
alaska's is yet the carbajal the whole
night in the hotel that's how one buddy
the following day an hour and 15 minutes
before the flight leaves nobody except
for math was ready to leave the level of
preparation on this trip was just
clearly top-notch so I messaged Riya my
girlfriend just saying that I was gonna
do this first response was is there a
doctor present I'm really scared for you
so we're just gonna find a frozen lake
in Alaska and jump in it is that yeah
here's the issue
yeah it's raining where we're gonna land
so we're gonna need to rent a car and
drive about three hours north until it
freezes and then we're gonna look for a
lake a bunch of towels and then and then
we're gonna just block the heat through
the car and once we jump
okay that's right they made the flight
five minutes before takeoff and as they
arrived in Alaska they realize for the
first time how cold this was actually
going to be because the Jews comfort
winter line baby
after a cozy night of sleep in the hotel
it was now time to sleep the Dare
[Music]
Marv just mentioned this can actually be
quite dangerous especially if they
decide to do this alone so he thought
it'd be wise to reach out to our
Instagram for help and luckily Rachel
reached out and introduced everyone to
her roommate in the US military Mike
that both agreed to help
what's the situation guys we're just
realizing how insanely underpacked we
are and under we don't under it we Ori
we don't know anything like I feel like
with early sunsets in the last guy there
was only a few hours to find the perfect
Lake to jump into yeah so there are a
couple lakes that we know that are
frozen my worry is some of them are like
solid enough to where people are walking
on them and I don't recommend that
because like if you go underwater and
like there's a crate
right I think there's probably a couple
that are like half frozen over that are
gonna be closer to Anchorage fine an
hour tops is it so the weather is
changing on us fast it became so foggy
and rainy and windy just like that
but as they arrived to their first
attempt conditions were horrible
I don't just spent five minutes out
there I'm freezing
we're going north right now and we're
certain to see so much more snow
significantly more snow you're on the
side of the road and but the second lake
was unfortunately not much better look
how the jet fries in that Lake I'm
feeling terrified I've never walked on a
lake I have never thought this before
this is the thing we went from one
extreme of a problem which is not
finding any ice to finding too much ice
okay we got a definite plan now and we
have two friends that are north driving
south checking out too late for us
and we have the Sun until 5:00 and also
if we do in the dark that's super
Alaskan yeah it is so I guess as they
say third time's the charm
plan is back of the campers gonna be
heated with a mr. heater propane heater
the back of my it also seems y'all's get
out we're gonna dry off real quick and
then put you in this one kit which is
down like negative 22 B whether with a
swab it's the least logical thing our
brains in a biology of our safety cutter
terror like terror like the deepest face
this is my greatest fear definitely
let's go we are just gonna stop we gotta
go the more we wait the more we
anticipate this the harder it's gonna be
two minutes work that's like our maximum
time in there just so that we don't
never dared us here goes alright like
initiate our first ever dare accepted
from the internet hopefully not the last
we're in Alaska or in Anchorage Alaska
and we are about to jump into freezing
water out of freezing weather how do
y'all feel right now amazing feel alive
[Music]
[Applause]
great
[Music]
so we just have enjoyed it there and all
of you all of us
[Music]
after a crazy day of driving around in
the freezing weather of Alaska they
completed the dare with even Louie
surprisingly ending it with a smile on
his face that wraps up another epic
adventure and if you're interested in
getting a free yes there hat for our
Black Friday sale go to seat discomfort
comm right now and make any purchase
over $15 within the next 48 hours and
it'll be yours see you next week
[Music]